powered by EVGA what is going on guys
should be 2142 here with a battlefield 3
beta code giveaway but just remember
that the platform for these beta codes
will be on the pc but sheme how do we
get in on this beta code a giveaway do
we have to subscribe do we have to like
a video do we have two favorite no of
course not none of that all you need to
do just so we can get your name on the
video is leave a comment so don't leave
a million comments just one will do and
that will enter you and hopefully you
have a pc that can run the game so if
you're thinking well maybe i'll just use
the code on xbox or ps3 that won't work
so ships why would you guys give away
beta codes well we care about the
community here at colonic media so we
want to help you guys play the game that
we're probably most excited about for
the whole year that being battlefield 3
of course early we will be giving away
for codes people that comment on this
video and then we'll be giving away 2 on
facebook and 2 on twitter so not saying
that you have to like us on facebook or
follow us on twitter but we'll be giving
away more beta codes on those social
media networks once again we are doing
this because we want to be involved and
helpful in our community if you are not
interested as completely fine feel free
to enjoy any of our other videos on the
channel and if you guys once again are
interested just post a comment and we
will be trying to give you away within
the next four or five or six hours
because obviously the code will only be
good for early access quote-unquote for
so long you can use it for the whole
beta period but for like the really
truly early access obviously you want to
get them as soon as possible so stay
posted get on this right away and tell
your friends if you want if you want a
possibility of your friends getting a
code or whatever so that is it guys
thank you for watching and I'll see you
guys next time
Quantic media